Update README.md (#618)
RedisBloom/RedisBloom: README.md

[![Forum](https://img.shields.io/badge/Forum-RedisBloom-blue)](https://forum.redis.com/c/modules/redisbloom)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/697882427875393627?style=flat-square)](https://discord.gg/wXhwjCQ)

<img src="docs/docs/images/logo.svg" alt="logo" width="300"/>

## Overview

> RedisBloom adds a set of probabilistic data structures to Redis, including Bloom filter, Cuckoo filter, Count-min sketch, Top-K, and t-digest. With this capability you can query streaming data without needing to store all the elements of the stream:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RedisBloom adds a set of probabilistic data structures to Redis, including Bloom filter, Cuckoo filter, Count-min sketch, Top-K, and t-digest. With these capability you can query streaming data without needing to store all the elements of the stream. They each answer the following questions:
```

- Bloom filter and Cuckoo filter:

>   -  Did the value _v_ already appear in the data stream?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  -  Did value _v_ already appear in the data stream?
```

- Count-min sketch:

>   - How many times did the value _v_ appear in the data stream?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - How many times did value _v_ appear in the data stream?
```

- Top-k:
  - What are the _k_ most frequent values in the data stream?
- t-digest:
  - Which fraction of the values in the data stream are smaller than a given value?
  - How many values in the data stream are smaller than a given value?

>   - Which value is smaller than _p_ percent of the values in the data stream? (what is the _p_-percentile value)?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Which value is smaller than _p_ percent of the values in the data stream? (What is the _p_-percentile value?)
```

>   - What is the mean value between the _p1_-percentile value and the _p2_-percentile value?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - What is the mean value between _p1_-percentile value and _p2_-percentile value?
```

>   - What is the value of the *n*ᵗʰ smallest / largest value in the data stream? (what is the value with [reverse] rank _n_)?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - What is the value of the _n_th smallest/largest value in the data stream? (What is the value with [reverse] rank _n_?)
```

> Answering each of these questions accurately can require a huge amount of memory, but if you are willing to sacrifice accuracy - you can reduce the memory requirements drastically. Each of these data structures allows you to set a controllable trade-off between accuracy and memory consumption. In addition to having a smaller memory footprint, probabilistic data structures are generally much faster than accurate algorithms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Answering each of these questions accurately can require a huge amount of memory, but you can lower the memory requirements drastically at the cost of reduced accuracy. Each of these data structures allows you to set a controllable trade-off between accuracy and memory consumption. In addition to having a smaller memory footprint, probabilistic data structures are generally much faster than accurate algorithms.
```
